                        The JAKARTA-TAGLIBS Project README
			==================================


Introduction
============

The JAKARTA-TAGLIBS project is a repository of JSP 1.1 and JSP 1.2 custom
tag libraries and Web Publishing tool Custom Tag Library Extensions (CTLX)
that have been contributed by developers to the Jakarta project, under the
Apache Software Foundation license.  Its purpose is to provide examples of
tag library creation and use, as well as completed tag libraries that can
be utilized in web applications.

Developers interested in creating new tag libraries, or updating existing
ones, should subscribe to the TAGLIBS-DEV mailing list at the Jakarta web
site <http://jakarta.apache.org>.  The file HOWTO-RELEASE gives more
information on how JSP custom tag libraries and extensions are developed
and released as part of the Jakarta Taglibs project.

Likewise, users of the contributed tag libraries should subscribe to the
TAGLIBS-USER mailing list for asking and answering questions about the use
of the various libraries.

The JAKARTA-TAGLIBS project is independent of the "Java Servlet 2.3 and
JavaServer Pages Specifications" development process currently being run
by Java Software, under the Java Community Process.  For more information,
see JSR-053 on the Java Community Process web site at
<http://java.sun.com/aboutJava/communityprocess>.

This document contains pointers to more information on several topics,
described below.


Installing and Using the JAKARTA-TAGLIBS Binary Distribution
============================================================

You can acquire the currently released JAKARTA-TAGLIBS binary files by
grabbing one of the binary release drops for this project as described at
<http://jakarta.apache.org/taglibs/binarydist.html>.

For more information about using JAKARTA-TAGLIBS custom tag libraries in
your own web applications, point your browser at the "doc/binarydist.html"
file included in the binary distribution.


Installing and Using the JAKARTA-TAGLIBS Source Distribution
============================================================

You can acquire the latest JAKARTA-TAGLIBS source files by grabbing one of
the automated development source snapshots drops for this project as
described at <http://jakarta.apache.org/taglibs/sourcedist.html>.

For more information about using the JAKARTA-TAGLIBS source distribution,
refer to the documentation at <http://jakarta.apache.org/taglibs/sourcedist.html>.

For more information about modifying existing JAKARTA-TAGLIBS custom tag
libraries, or adding new ones, refer to the documentation at
<http://jakarta.apache.org/taglibs/addtaglib.html>.


=====================================================================
$Id$


